>> Francesca Sadikin: So we're gonna
be moving into our coding exercise now.
The goal of this project is that
we're going to learn to work
in a legacy system and
how to make changes safely with test,
creating seams, and I'm also gonna
cover a few refactoring techniques.
Gilded Rose is a shop of magical items,
and
it has asked us to add a new
feature to their project while
making sure we don't break
existing functionalities.
So my little prompt to you is
what is the plan of attack here?
Knowing that there is an existing
source code that's working,
there are no tests, and
the code itself is not great.
So, how would you plan on
injecting our new code
without breaking existing functionality?
>> Francesca Sadikin: That's a prompt.
>> Speaker 1: You can run the tests.
>> Francesca Sadikin: What
if there are no tests?
I know it seems a little obvious,
but right test okay?
>> Speaker 2: You can also communicate and
do a manual test as well, like QA,
number one, to see if the program
still runs the same way.
>> Francesca Sadikin: Okay, so, yes so
manual testing would be really hard when
you start refactoring the code,
because there you would have to
just manually test so
many different conditions.
So writing test is the great first step,
because then we have this like,
immediate signal that whatever we're about
to touch is going to still work or
it's going to fail.
So the actual plan of attack
here is we're not going to
just inject our new code into the system.
We're going to write tests to ensure all
of the existing functionality, then we're
gonna refactor the code, because I'll show
you, the code's really hard to work in.
And then that's when we're
gonna actually implement our
new functionality by writing the test
first, and then write the code.
And in any moment during this,
if there is a refactoring opportunity,
we're We're going to take it.
So an introduction to this system you
don't have to read this too carefully
because we're about to go over
it again in via code but,
essentially they have a set of base
items that there are, conditions for.
And there is also specialty
items that we need to cover.